alert-info
alert-success
alert-warning
alert-error

badge-primary      badge-xs 
badge-secondary    badge-sm 
badge-accent       badge-md 
badge-ghost        badge-lg 
badge-info                 
badge-success                 
badge-warning                 
badge-error                 

btn-primary      btn-xs 
btn-secondary    btn-sm 
btn-accent       btn-md 
btn-ghost        btn-lg 
btn-info                 
btn-success                 
btn-warning                 
btn-error                 
btn-link

dropdown-xs
dropdown-sm
dropdown-md
dropdown-lg


input-primary      input-xs 
input-secondary    input-sm 
input-accent       input-md 
input-ghost        input-lg 
input-info                 
input-success                 
input-warning                 
input-error                 


checkbox-primary      checkbox-xs 
checkbox-secondary    checkbox-sm 
checkbox-accent       checkbox-md 
checkbox-ghost        checkbox-lg 
checkbox-info                 
checkbox-success                 
checkbox-warning                 
checkbox-error                 

radio-primary      radio-xs 
radio-secondary    radio-sm 
radio-accent       radio-md 
radio-ghost        radio-lg 
radio-info                 
radio-success                 
radio-warning                 
radio-error                 
